Welcome to our Murder Mystery. You are an inspector tasked with solving a murder that occured at a dinner
party. You the actions you may need to take are: (examine), (move), (speak), (take), (drop), (use) and (go to).

What is your name, Inspector? >_

It is a dreary Friday evening in November. You're catching up on some paperwork when the phone rings...

"Good evening Inspector _______, My name is Mr. Green and I'm afraid I am in need of your services. 
I've been hosting a dinner party tonight and one of my guests has been murdered. All of the guests
are still here and we've vowed that nobody leaves until we find the killer. Can you help us? (y/n) >_

You arrive at the mansion to find that all the guests are scattered around the house. Mr. Green leads
you into the kitchen where you find the body of Mr. Body. (can examine body, speak to Mr. Green.(triggering first dialogue), go to next room)

First dialogue with Mr. Green will tell you broad strokes of what happened leading up to murder and inform you where you may find the other guests

State machine will track who you have spoken to and unlock further dialogue with characters.

You will need to speak to all characters before you can solve the murder.

Mr. Body was actually an undercover reporter that was going to run a story about Mr. Green being in
posession of priceless stolen artwork. Mr. Green found out about the story that Mr. Body was writing
and set up the dinner party as a way to murder Mr. Body and give himself cover with an alabi of many witnesses
vouching for his whereabouts when the murder happened (he has his cook commit the murder on his behalf)

A key will be found that unlocks a cabinet where all the stolen artwork is being hidden, along with the murder weapon (the billiard ball).

You gather all characters in one room for the big reveal of the hidden artwork and your assertion that Mr. Green
killed Mr. Body and used the cook as his weapon. Weapon was a billiard ball taken from the billiard room. Cook never
went to billiard room at any point of the night so cook must have gotten the ball from someone else, Mr. Green.

